v2 to v3 converter for survey runner (#1)
ONSdigital/eq-json-version-converter: README.md

# eq-json-version-converter
This repository has been written to convert v2 Survey Runner JSON (https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner) to v3.

N.B This was written for the e-commerce survey, so although it might convert some other v2 surveys they might not pass validation.

## Running

> To use the application, firstly populate the schemas/to_convert with your v2 Survey Runner JSON, then run the command below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the application, first populate the directory  `schemas/to_convert` with your v2 Survey Runner JSON then run:
```

```

> pipenv run python app.py

Reviewer: ```
make convert
```

> pipenv run python app.py

Reviewer: You've got pipenv commands here, so the installation section of the readme should cover installing the application into a pipenv virtual environment

```

> Results of the conversion will appear in schemas/converted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results of the conversion will appear in `schemas/converted`
```

## Testing against validator

> If you want to test the results generated in the schema/converted folder against eq schema validator (https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-schema-validator) use the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test the results generated in the schema/converted folder against eq schema validator (https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-schema-validator) use:
```

```

> pipenv run ./scripts/test_schemas_against_validator.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make validate
```

# eq-json-version-converter

> This repository has been written to convert v2 Survey Runner JSON (https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner) to v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has been written to convert [Survey Runner](https://github.com/ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner) schemas from v2 to v3.
```

> N.B This was written for the e-commerce survey, so although it might convert some other v2 surveys they might not pass validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N.B Only e-commerce surveys are currently supported. Other surveys may convert, but aren't guaranteed to be valid to the v3 specification.
```

## Setup

> This application uses pipenv, please follow the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To intall, run the following:
```

```
pyenv install
pip install --upgrade pip setuptools pipenv
pipenv install --dev

> pipenv shell

Reviewer: `make build` ?

> pipenv shell

Reviewer: We shouldn't need to ask the user to enter into a new shell to complete the conversion

```

## Running

> To use the application, first populate the directory  `schemas/to_convert` with your v2 Survey Runner JSON then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put any v2 schema you want converted into the directory `schemas/to_convert`
```
